Vulnerability processing docs improvement (#15306)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using Fleet/Vulnerability-Processing.md

# Vulnerability processing

> ## Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Introduction
```

Should we start being consistent? I see we use "Introduction" here on Enroll hosts: https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/enroll-hosts

> Vulnerability processing in Fleet detects vulnerable software installed on your hosts. To see what software vulnerability processing covers, check out the [Coverage section below](#coverage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vulnerability processing in Fleet detects vulnerabilities (CVEs) for the software installed on your hosts. To see what software is covered, check out the [Coverage section](#coverage).
```

Suggestion to have less words. And coach user on CVEs language.

> For Fleet Premium users, each CVE includes its CVSS base score (reported by the [National Vulnerability Database](https://nvd.nist.gov/)), probability of exploit (reported by [FIRST](https://www.first.org/epss/)), and whether or not there is a known exploit in the wild (reported by the [Cybersecurity & Infrastructure Security Agency](https://www.cisa.gov/known-exploited-vulnerabilities-catalog)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Fleet Premium users, each CVE includes its Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score (reported by the [National Vulnerability Database](https://nvd.nist.gov/)), probability of exploit (reported by [FIRST](https://www.first.org/epss/)), and whether or not there is a known exploit in the wild (reported by the [Cybersecurity & Infrastructure Security Agency](https://www.cisa.gov/known-exploited-vulnerabilities-catalog)).
```

I think we should make sure to spell out each acronym. Fleet is welcoming to newcomers.

> Fleet's strategy for detecting vulnerabilities (CVEs) varies according to the host's platform and

Reviewer: I think we can move this section to the contributors doc.

This page is about letting Fleet users know what they get. They can go to the contributor docs if they want to learn how it works.

Author: Moved

the software in question. CVEs are detected using:
- **macOS and Windows**: National Vulnerability Database (NVD) except for Mac Office applications, for which we use the release notes published by Microsoft.
- **Linux**: OVAL definitions maintained by the different publishers (Canonical, Red Hat etc.).

> [Learn more](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/docs/Contributing/Vulnerability-processing.md) about performance and how it works for different platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Learn more](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/docs/Contributing/Vulnerability-processing.md) about how it works for different platforms.
```

Author: @noahtalerman I was thinking if someone tries to search for performance would get to this link which navigates to contributor docs. Does it make sense to add an additional sentence mentioning performance?

Reviewer: Eh, I doubt someone's looking for performance. I think we cut it for sake of less words.

## Coverage

> Fleet attempts to detect vulnerabilities for installed software that falls into the following categories (types):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet detects vulnerabilities for these software types:
```

We can be braver. Remove "attempts".

| Type                | macOS                                      | Windows                                          | Linux            |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------ | ---------------- |

> | Apps                | Yes                                        | Yes                                              | --               |

Reviewer: Maybe we use the ✅ and ❌ icons instead of "Yes" and "No"?

We use these on the [OS updates doc page](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/mdm-macos-updates):
![Screenshot 2023-11-27 at 5 47 30 PM](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/assets/47070608/338592f0-6ed6-4e0e-beeb-69dd025ed14c)

| Browser plugins     | Chrome extensions, Firefox extensions      | Chrome extensions, Firefox extensions            | --               |

> | Packages            | Python, Homebrew  | Python, Atom, Chocolatey | Adhere to whatever is defined in the OVAL definitions, except for kernel vulnerabilities and vulnerabilities involving configuration files. Supported distributions: <ul><li>Ubuntu</li><li>RHEL based distros (Red Hat, CentOS, Fedora, and Amazon Linux)</li></ul> |

Reviewer: What is defined in the OVAL definitions? I think we should spell this out for the user if we can.

Author: @noahtalerman I added a link to [OVAL sources](https://github.com/fleetdm/nvd/blob/master/oval_sources.json).
